Added Standalone documentation (#779)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: provisioning/README.md

## Containers

The [containers](containers/) folder contains the resources made available to create an application, running in a container, which is compatible with *CrownLabs*, e.g., that exports a remotely-accessible GUI via web browser. This folder will actually contain a set of containers running together (with the Kubernetes *sidecar* approach) in order to make the solution easier to maintain, e.g., splitting the creation of the virtual desktop environment from the actual application container.

## Standalone applications

> The [standalone](standalone/) folder contains the resources to build some standalone applications. Standalone applications are autonomous web services (packaged in a container) that are exposed by HTTP. Creating standalone applications is really simple and doesn't require knowledge about kubernetes and how CrownLabs works, is only necessary to follow some rules inside the container. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [standalone](standalone/) folder contains the resources to build standalone applications. Standalone applications are autonomous web services packaged in a container (e.g., Visual Studio Code, JupyterLab, ...) that are exposed over HTTP. Creating standalone applications is really simple and does not require knowledge about Kubernetes and how CrownLabs works. It is only necessary to follow the appropriate guidelines when creating the containers. 
```
